Starting throughput test: 200000 operations with 1 replicas.
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1 
OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_0, value_0, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2, value_2, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_4, value_4, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_6, value_6, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_8, value_8, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_10, value_10, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_12, value_12, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_14, value_14, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_16, value_16, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_18, value_18, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_20, value_20, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_22, value_22, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_24, value_24, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_26, value_26, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_28, value_28, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_30, value_30, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_32, value_32, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_34, value_34, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_36, value_36, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_38, value_38, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_40, value_40, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_42, value_42, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_44, value_44, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_46, value_46, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_48, value_48, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_50, value_50, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_52, value_52, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_54, value_54, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_56, value_56, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_58, value_58, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_60, value_60, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_62, value_62, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_64, value_64, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_66, value_66, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_68, value_68, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_70, value_70, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_72, value_72, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_74, value_74, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_76, value_76, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_78, value_78, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_80, value_80, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_82, value_82, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_84, value_84, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_86, value_86, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_88, value_88, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_90, value_90, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_92, value_92, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_94, value_94, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_96, value_96, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_98, value_98, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_100, value_100, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_102, value_102, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_104, value_104, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_106, value_106, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_108, value_108, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_110, value_110, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_112, value_112, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_114, value_114, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_116, value_116, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_118, value_118, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_120, value_120, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_122, value_122, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_124, value_124, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_126, value_126, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_128, value_128, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_130, value_130, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_132, value_132, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_134, value_134, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_136, value_136, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_138, value_138, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_140, value_140, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_142, value_142, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_144, value_144, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_146, value_146, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_148, value_148, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_150, value_150, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_152, value_152, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_154, value_154, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_156, value_156, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_158, value_158, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_160, value_160, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_162, value_162, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_164, value_164, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_166, value_166, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_168, value_168, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_170, value_170, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_172, value_172, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_174, value_174, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_176, value_176, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_178, value_178, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_180, value_180, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_182, value_182, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_184, value_184, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_186, value_186, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_188, value_188, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_190, value_190, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_192, value_192, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_194, value_194, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_196, value_196, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_198, value_198, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_200, value_200, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_202, value_202, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_204, value_204, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_206, value_206, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_208, value_208, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_210, value_210, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_212, value_212, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_214, value_214, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_216, value_216, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_218, value_218, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_220, value_220, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_222, value_222, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_224, value_224, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_226, value_226, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_228, value_228, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_230, value_230, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_232, value_232, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_234, value_234, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_236, value_236, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_238, value_238, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_240, value_240, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_242, value_242, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_244, value_244, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_246, value_246, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_248, value_248, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_250, value_250, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_252, value_252, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_254, value_254, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_256, value_256, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_258, value_258, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_260, value_260, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_262, value_262, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_264, value_264, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_266, value_266, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_268, value_268, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_270, value_270, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_272, value_272, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_274, value_274, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_276, value_276, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_278, value_278, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_280, value_280, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_282, value_282, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_284, value_284, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_286, value_286, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_288, value_288, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_290, value_290, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_292, value_292, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_294, value_294, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_296, value_296, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_298, value_298, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_300, value_300, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_302, value_302, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_304, value_304, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_306, value_306, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_308, value_308, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_310, value_310, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_312, value_312, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_314, value_314, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_316, value_316, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_318, value_318, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_320, value_320, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_322, value_322, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_324, value_324, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_326, value_326, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_328, value_328, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_330, value_330, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_332, value_332, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_334, value_334, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_336, value_336, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_338, value_338, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_340, value_340, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_342, value_342, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_344, value_344, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_346, value_346, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_348, value_348, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_350, value_350, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_352, value_352, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_354, value_354, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_356, value_356, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_358, value_358, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_360, value_360, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_362, value_362, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_364, value_364, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_366, value_366, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_368, value_368, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_370, value_370, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_372, value_372, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_374, value_374, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_376, value_376, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_378, value_378, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_380, value_380, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_382, value_382, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_384, value_384, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_386, value_386, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_388, value_388, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_390, value_390, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_392, value_392, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_394, value_394, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_396, value_396, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_398, value_398, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_400, value_400, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_402, value_402, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_404, value_404, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_406, value_406, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_408, value_408, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_410, value_410, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_412, value_412, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_414, value_414, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_416, value_416, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_418, value_418, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_420, value_420, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_422, value_422, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_424, value_424, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_426, value_426, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_428, value_428, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_430, value_430, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_432, value_432, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_434, value_434, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_436, value_436, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_438, value_438, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_440, value_440, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_442, value_442, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_444, value_444, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_446, value_446, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_448, value_448, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_450, value_450, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_452, value_452, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_454, value_454, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_456, value_456, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_458, value_458, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_460, value_460, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_462, value_462, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_464, value_464, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_466, value_466, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_468, value_468, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_470, value_470, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_472, value_472, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_474, value_474, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_476, value_476, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_478, value_478, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_480, value_480, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_482, value_482, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_484, value_484, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_486, value_486, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_488, value_488, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_490, value_490, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_492, value_492, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_494, value_494, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_496, value_496, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_498, value_498, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_500, value_500, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_502, value_502, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_504, value_504, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_506, value_506, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_508, value_508, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_510, value_510, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_512, value_512, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_514, value_514, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_516, value_516, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_518, value_518, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_520, value_520, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_522, value_522, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_524, value_524, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_526, value_526, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_528, value_528, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_530, value_530, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_532, value_532, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_534, value_534, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_536, value_536, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_538, value_538, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_540, value_540, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_542, value_542, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_544, value_544, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_546, value_546, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_548, value_548, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_550, value_550, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_552, value_552, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_554, value_554, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_556, value_556, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_558, value_558, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_560, value_560, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_562, value_562, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_564, value_564, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_566, value_566, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_568, value_568, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_570, value_570, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_572, value_572, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_574, value_574, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_576, value_576, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_578, value_578, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_580, value_580, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_582, value_582, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_584, value_584, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_586, value_586, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_588, value_588, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_590, value_590, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_592, value_592, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_594, value_594, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_596, value_596, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_598, value_598, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_600, value_600, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_602, value_602, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_604, value_604, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_606, value_606, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_608, value_608, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_610, value_610, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_612, value_612, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_614, value_614, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_616, value_616, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_618, value_618, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_620, value_620, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_622, value_622, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_624, value_624, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_626, value_626, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_628, value_628, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_630, value_630, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_632, value_632, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_634, value_634, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_636, value_636, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_638, value_638, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_640, value_640, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_642, value_642, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_644, value_644, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_646, value_646, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_648, value_648, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_650, value_650, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_652, value_652, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_654, value_654, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_656, value_656, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_658, value_658, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_660, value_660, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_662, value_662, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_664, value_664, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_666, value_666, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_668, value_668, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_670, value_670, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_672, value_672, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_674, value_674, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_676, value_676, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_678, value_678, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_680, value_680, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_682, value_682, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_684, value_684, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_686, value_686, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_688, value_688, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_690, value_690, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_692, value_692, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_694, value_694, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_696, value_696, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_698, value_698, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_700, value_700, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_702, value_702, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_704, value_704, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_706, value_706, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_708, value_708, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_710, value_710, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_712, value_712, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_714, value_714, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_716, value_716, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_718, value_718, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_720, value_720, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_722, value_722, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_724, value_724, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_726, value_726, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_728, value_728, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_730, value_730, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_732, value_732, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_734, value_734, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_736, value_736, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_738, value_738, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_740, value_740, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_742, value_742, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_744, value_744, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_746, value_746, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_748, value_748, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_750, value_750, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_752, value_752, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_754, value_754, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_756, value_756, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_758, value_758, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_760, value_760, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_762, value_762, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_764, value_764, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_766, value_766, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_768, value_768, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_770, value_770, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_772, value_772, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_774, value_774, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_776, value_776, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_778, value_778, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_780, value_780, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_782, value_782, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_784, value_784, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_786, value_786, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_788, value_788, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_790, value_790, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_792, value_792, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_794, value_794, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_796, value_796, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_798, value_798, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_800, value_800, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_802, value_802, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_804, value_804, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_806, value_806, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_808, value_808, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_810, value_810, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_812, value_812, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_814, value_814, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_816, value_816, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_818, value_818, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_820, value_820, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_822, value_822, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_824, value_824, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_826, value_826, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_828, value_828, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_830, value_830, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_832, value_832, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_834, value_834, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_836, value_836, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_838, value_838, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_840, value_840, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_842, value_842, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_844, value_844, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_846, value_846, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_848, value_848, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_850, value_850, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_852, value_852, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_854, value_854, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_856, value_856, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_858, value_858, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_860, value_860, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_862, value_862, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_864, value_864, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_866, value_866, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_868, value_868, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_870, value_870, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_872, value_872, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_874, value_874, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_876, value_876, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_878, value_878, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_880, value_880, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_882, value_882, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_884, value_884, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_886, value_886, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_888, value_888, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_890, value_890, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_892, value_892, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_894, value_894, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_896, value_896, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_898, value_898, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_900, value_900, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_902, value_902, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_904, value_904, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_906, value_906, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_908, value_908, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_910, value_910, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_912, value_912, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_914, value_914, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_916, value_916, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_918, value_918, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_920, value_920, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_922, value_922, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_924, value_924, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_926, value_926, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_928, value_928, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_930, value_930, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_932, value_932, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_934, value_934, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_936, value_936, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_938, value_938, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_940, value_940, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_942, value_942, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_944, value_944, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_946, value_946, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_948, value_948, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_950, value_950, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_952, value_952, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_954, value_954, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_956, value_956, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_958, value_958, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_960, value_960, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_962, value_962, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_964, value_964, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_966, value_966, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_968, value_968, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_970, value_970, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_972, value_972, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_974, value_974, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_976, value_976, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_978, value_978, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_980, value_980, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_982, value_982, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_984, value_984, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_986, value_986, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_988, value_988, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_990, value_990, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_992, value_992, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_994, value_994, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_996, value_996, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_998, value_998, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1000, value_1000, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1002, value_1002, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1004, value_1004, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1006, value_1006, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1008, value_1008, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1010, value_1010, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1012, value_1012, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1014, value_1014, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1016, value_1016, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1018, value_1018, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1020, value_1020, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1022, value_1022, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1024, value_1024, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1026, value_1026, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1028, value_1028, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1030, value_1030, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1032, value_1032, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1034, value_1034, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1036, value_1036, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1038, value_1038, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1040, value_1040, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1042, value_1042, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1044, value_1044, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1046, value_1046, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1048, value_1048, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1050, value_1050, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1052, value_1052, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1054, value_1054, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1056, value_1056, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1058, value_1058, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1060, value_1060, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1062, value_1062, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1064, value_1064, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1066, value_1066, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1068, value_1068, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1070, value_1070, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1072, value_1072, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1074, value_1074, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1076, value_1076, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1078, value_1078, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1080, value_1080, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1082, value_1082, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1084, value_1084, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1086, value_1086, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1088, value_1088, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1090, value_1090, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1092, value_1092, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1094, value_1094, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1096, value_1096, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1098, value_1098, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1100, value_1100, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1102, value_1102, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1104, value_1104, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1106, value_1106, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1108, value_1108, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1110, value_1110, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1112, value_1112, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1114, value_1114, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1116, value_1116, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1118, value_1118, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1120, value_1120, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1122, value_1122, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1124, value_1124, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1126, value_1126, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1128, value_1128, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1130, value_1130, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1132, value_1132, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1134, value_1134, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1136, value_1136, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1138, value_1138, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1140, value_1140, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1142, value_1142, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1144, value_1144, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1146, value_1146, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1148, value_1148, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1150, value_1150, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1152, value_1152, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1154, value_1154, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1156, value_1156, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1158, value_1158, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1160, value_1160, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1162, value_1162, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1164, value_1164, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1166, value_1166, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1168, value_1168, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1170, value_1170, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1172, value_1172, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1174, value_1174, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1176, value_1176, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1178, value_1178, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1180, value_1180, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1182, value_1182, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1184, value_1184, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1186, value_1186, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1188, value_1188, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1190, value_1190, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1192, value_1192, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1194, value_1194, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1196, value_1196, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1198, value_1198, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1200, value_1200, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1202, value_1202, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1204, value_1204, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1206, value_1206, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1208, value_1208, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1210, value_1210, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1212, value_1212, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1214, value_1214, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1216, value_1216, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1218, value_1218, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1220, value_1220, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1222, value_1222, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1224, value_1224, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1226, value_1226, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1228, value_1228, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1230, value_1230, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1232, value_1232, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1234, value_1234, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1236, value_1236, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1238, value_1238, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1240, value_1240, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1242, value_1242, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1244, value_1244, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1246, value_1246, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1248, value_1248, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1250, value_1250, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1252, value_1252, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1254, value_1254, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1256, value_1256, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1258, value_1258, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1260, value_1260, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1262, value_1262, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1264, value_1264, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1266, value_1266, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1268, value_1268, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1270, value_1270, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1272, value_1272, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1274, value_1274, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1276, value_1276, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1278, value_1278, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1280, value_1280, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1282, value_1282, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1284, value_1284, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1286, value_1286, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1288, value_1288, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1290, value_1290, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1292, value_1292, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1294, value_1294, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1296, value_1296, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1298, value_1298, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1300, value_1300, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1302, value_1302, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1304, value_1304, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1306, value_1306, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1308, value_1308, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1310, value_1310, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1312, value_1312, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1314, value_1314, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1316, value_1316, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1318, value_1318, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1320, value_1320, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1322, value_1322, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1324, value_1324, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1326, value_1326, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1328, value_1328, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1330, value_1330, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1332, value_1332, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1334, value_1334, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1336, value_1336, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1338, value_1338, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1340, value_1340, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1342, value_1342, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1344, value_1344, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1346, value_1346, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1348, value_1348, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1350, value_1350, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1352, value_1352, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1354, value_1354, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1356, value_1356, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1358, value_1358, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1360, value_1360, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1362, value_1362, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1364, value_1364, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1366, value_1366, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1368, value_1368, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1370, value_1370, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1372, value_1372, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1374, value_1374, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1376, value_1376, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1378, value_1378, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1380, value_1380, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1382, value_1382, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1384, value_1384, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1386, value_1386, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1388, value_1388, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1390, value_1390, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1392, value_1392, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1394, value_1394, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1396, value_1396, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1398, value_1398, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1400, value_1400, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1402, value_1402, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1404, value_1404, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1406, value_1406, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1408, value_1408, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1410, value_1410, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1412, value_1412, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1414, value_1414, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1416, value_1416, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1418, value_1418, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1420, value_1420, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1422, value_1422, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1424, value_1424, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1426, value_1426, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1428, value_1428, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1430, value_1430, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1432, value_1432, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1434, value_1434, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1436, value_1436, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1438, value_1438, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1440, value_1440, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1442, value_1442, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1444, value_1444, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1446, value_1446, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1448, value_1448, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1450, value_1450, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1452, value_1452, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1454, value_1454, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1456, value_1456, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1458, value_1458, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1460, value_1460, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1462, value_1462, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1464, value_1464, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1466, value_1466, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1468, value_1468, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1470, value_1470, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1472, value_1472, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1474, value_1474, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1476, value_1476, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1478, value_1478, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1480, value_1480, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1482, value_1482, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1484, value_1484, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1486, value_1486, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1488, value_1488, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1490, value_1490, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1492, value_1492, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1494, value_1494, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1496, value_1496, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1498, value_1498, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1500, value_1500, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1502, value_1502, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1504, value_1504, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1506, value_1506, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1508, value_1508, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1510, value_1510, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1512, value_1512, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1514, value_1514, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1516, value_1516, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1518, value_1518, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1520, value_1520, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1522, value_1522, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1524, value_1524, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1526, value_1526, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1528, value_1528, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1530, value_1530, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1532, value_1532, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1534, value_1534, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1536, value_1536, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1538, value_1538, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1540, value_1540, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1542, value_1542, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1544, value_1544, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1546, value_1546, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1548, value_1548, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1550, value_1550, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1552, value_1552, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1554, value_1554, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1556, value_1556, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1558, value_1558, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1560, value_1560, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1562, value_1562, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1564, value_1564, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1566, value_1566, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1568, value_1568, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1570, value_1570, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1572, value_1572, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1574, value_1574, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1576, value_1576, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1578, value_1578, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1580, value_1580, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1582, value_1582, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1584, value_1584, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1586, value_1586, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1588, value_1588, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1590, value_1590, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1592, value_1592, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1594, value_1594, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1596, value_1596, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1598, value_1598, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1600, value_1600, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1602, value_1602, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1604, value_1604, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1606, value_1606, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1608, value_1608, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1610, value_1610, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1612, value_1612, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1614, value_1614, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1616, value_1616, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1618, value_1618, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1620, value_1620, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1622, value_1622, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1624, value_1624, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1626, value_1626, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1628, value_1628, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1630, value_1630, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1632, value_1632, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1634, value_1634, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1636, value_1636, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1638, value_1638, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1640, value_1640, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1642, value_1642, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1644, value_1644, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1646, value_1646, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1648, value_1648, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1650, value_1650, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1652, value_1652, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1654, value_1654, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1656, value_1656, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1658, value_1658, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1660, value_1660, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1662, value_1662, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1664, value_1664, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1666, value_1666, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1668, value_1668, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1670, value_1670, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1672, value_1672, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1674, value_1674, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1676, value_1676, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1678, value_1678, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1680, value_1680, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1682, value_1682, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1684, value_1684, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1686, value_1686, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1688, value_1688, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1690, value_1690, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1692, value_1692, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1694, value_1694, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1696, value_1696, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1698, value_1698, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1700, value_1700, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1702, value_1702, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1704, value_1704, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1706, value_1706, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1708, value_1708, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1710, value_1710, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1712, value_1712, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1714, value_1714, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1716, value_1716, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1718, value_1718, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1720, value_1720, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1722, value_1722, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1724, value_1724, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1726, value_1726, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1728, value_1728, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1730, value_1730, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1732, value_1732, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1734, value_1734, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1736, value_1736, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1738, value_1738, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1740, value_1740, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1742, value_1742, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1744, value_1744, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1746, value_1746, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1748, value_1748, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1750, value_1750, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1752, value_1752, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1754, value_1754, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1756, value_1756, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1758, value_1758, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1760, value_1760, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1762, value_1762, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1764, value_1764, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1766, value_1766, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1768, value_1768, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1770, value_1770, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1772, value_1772, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1774, value_1774, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1776, value_1776, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1778, value_1778, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1780, value_1780, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1782, value_1782, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1784, value_1784, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1786, value_1786, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1788, value_1788, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1790, value_1790, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1792, value_1792, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1794, value_1794, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1796, value_1796, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1798, value_1798, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1800, value_1800, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1802, value_1802, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1804, value_1804, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1806, value_1806, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1808, value_1808, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1810, value_1810, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1812, value_1812, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1814, value_1814, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1816, value_1816, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1818, value_1818, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1820, value_1820, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1822, value_1822, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1824, value_1824, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1826, value_1826, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1828, value_1828, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1830, value_1830, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1832, value_1832, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1834, value_1834, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1836, value_1836, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1838, value_1838, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1840, value_1840, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1842, value_1842, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1844, value_1844, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1846, value_1846, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1848, value_1848, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1850, value_1850, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1852, value_1852, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1854, value_1854, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1856, value_1856, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1858, value_1858, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1860, value_1860, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1862, value_1862, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1864, value_1864, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1866, value_1866, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1868, value_1868, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1870, value_1870, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1872, value_1872, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1874, value_1874, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1876, value_1876, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1878, value_1878, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1880, value_1880, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1882, value_1882, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1884, value_1884, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1886, value_1886, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1888, value_1888, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1890, value_1890, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1892, value_1892, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1894, value_1894, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1896, value_1896, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1898, value_1898, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1900, value_1900, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1902, value_1902, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1904, value_1904, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1906, value_1906, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1908, value_1908, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1910, value_1910, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1912, value_1912, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1914, value_1914, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1916, value_1916, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1918, value_1918, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1920, value_1920, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1922, value_1922, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1924, value_1924, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1926, value_1926, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1928, value_1928, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1930, value_1930, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1932, value_1932, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1934, value_1934, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1936, value_1936, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1938, value_1938, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1940, value_1940, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1942, value_1942, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1944, value_1944, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1946, value_1946, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1948, value_1948, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1950, value_1950, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1952, value_1952, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1954, value_1954, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1956, value_1956, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1958, value_1958, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1960, value_1960, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1962, value_1962, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1964, value_1964, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1966, value_1966, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1968, value_1968, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1970, value_1970, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1972, value_1972, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1974, value_1974, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1976, value_1976, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1978, value_1978, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1980, value_1980, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1982, value_1982, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1984, value_1984, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_1986, value_1986, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_1988, value_1988, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_1990, value_1990, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_1992, value_1992, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_1994, value_1994, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_1996, value_1996, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_1998, value_1998, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2000, value_2000, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2002, value_2002, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2004, value_2004, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2006, value_2006, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2008, value_2008, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2010, value_2010, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2012, value_2012, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2014, value_2014, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2016, value_2016, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2018, value_2018, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2020, value_2020, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2022, value_2022, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2024, value_2024, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2026, value_2026, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2028, value_2028, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2030, value_2030, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2032, value_2032, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2034, value_2034, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2036, value_2036, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2038, value_2038, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2040, value_2040, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2042, value_2042, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2044, value_2044, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2046, value_2046, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2048, value_2048, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2050, value_2050, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2052, value_2052, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2054, value_2054, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2056, value_2056, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2058, value_2058, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2060, value_2060, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2062, value_2062, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2064, value_2064, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2066, value_2066, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2068, value_2068, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2070, value_2070, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2072, value_2072, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2074, value_2074, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2076, value_2076, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2078, value_2078, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2080, value_2080, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2082, value_2082, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2084, value_2084, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2086, value_2086, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2088, value_2088, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2090, value_2090, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2092, value_2092, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2094, value_2094, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2096, value_2096, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2098, value_2098, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2100, value_2100, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2102, value_2102, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2104, value_2104, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2106, value_2106, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2108, value_2108, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2110, value_2110, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2112, value_2112, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2114, value_2114, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2116, value_2116, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2118, value_2118, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2120, value_2120, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2122, value_2122, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2124, value_2124, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2126, value_2126, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2128, value_2128, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2130, value_2130, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2132, value_2132, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2134, value_2134, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2136, value_2136, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2138, value_2138, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2140, value_2140, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2142, value_2142, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2144, value_2144, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2146, value_2146, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2148, value_2148, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2150, value_2150, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2152, value_2152, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2154, value_2154, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2156, value_2156, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2158, value_2158, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2160, value_2160, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2162, value_2162, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2164, value_2164, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2166, value_2166, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2168, value_2168, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2170, value_2170, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2172, value_2172, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2174, value_2174, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2176, value_2176, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2178, value_2178, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2180, value_2180, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2182, value_2182, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2184, value_2184, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2186, value_2186, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2188, value_2188, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2190, value_2190, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2192, value_2192, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2194, value_2194, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2196, value_2196, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2198, value_2198, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2200, value_2200, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2202, value_2202, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2204, value_2204, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2206, value_2206, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2208, value_2208, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2210, value_2210, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2212, value_2212, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2214, value_2214, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2216, value_2216, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2218, value_2218, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2220, value_2220, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2222, value_2222, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2224, value_2224, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2226, value_2226, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2228, value_2228, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2230, value_2230, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2232, value_2232, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2234, value_2234, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2236, value_2236, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2238, value_2238, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2240, value_2240, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2242, value_2242, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2244, value_2244, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2246, value_2246, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2248, value_2248, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2250, value_2250, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2252, value_2252, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2254, value_2254, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2256, value_2256, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2258, value_2258, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2260, value_2260, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2262, value_2262, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2264, value_2264, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2266, value_2266, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2268, value_2268, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2270, value_2270, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2272, value_2272, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2274, value_2274, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2276, value_2276, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2278, value_2278, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2280, value_2280, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2282, value_2282, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2284, value_2284, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2286, value_2286, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2288, value_2288, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2290, value_2290, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2292, value_2292, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2294, value_2294, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2296, value_2296, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2298, value_2298, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2300, value_2300, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2302, value_2302, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2304, value_2304, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2306, value_2306, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2308, value_2308, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2310, value_2310, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2312, value_2312, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2314, value_2314, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2316, value_2316, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2318, value_2318, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2320, value_2320, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2322, value_2322, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2324, value_2324, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2326, value_2326, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2328, value_2328, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2330, value_2330, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2332, value_2332, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2334, value_2334, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2336, value_2336, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2338, value_2338, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2340, value_2340, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2342, value_2342, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2344, value_2344, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2346, value_2346, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2348, value_2348, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2350, value_2350, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2352, value_2352, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2354, value_2354, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2356, value_2356, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2358, value_2358, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2360, value_2360, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2362, value_2362, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2364, value_2364, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2366, value_2366, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2368, value_2368, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2370, value_2370, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2372, value_2372, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2374, value_2374, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2376, value_2376, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2378, value_2378, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2380, value_2380, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2382, value_2382, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2384, value_2384, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2386, value_2386, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2388, value_2388, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2390, value_2390, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2392, value_2392, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2394, value_2394, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2396, value_2396, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2398, value_2398, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2400, value_2400, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2402, value_2402, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2404, value_2404, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2406, value_2406, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2408, value_2408, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2410, value_2410, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2412, value_2412, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2414, value_2414, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2416, value_2416, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2418, value_2418, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2420, value_2420, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2422, value_2422, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2424, value_2424, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2426, value_2426, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2428, value_2428, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2430, value_2430, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2432, value_2432, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2434, value_2434, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2436, value_2436, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2438, value_2438, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2440, value_2440, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2442, value_2442, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2444, value_2444, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2446, value_2446, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2448, value_2448, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2450, value_2450, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2452, value_2452, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2454, value_2454, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2456, value_2456, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2458, value_2458, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2460, value_2460, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2462, value_2462, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2464, value_2464, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2466, value_2466, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2468, value_2468, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2470, value_2470, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2472, value_2472, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2474, value_2474, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2476, value_2476, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2478, value_2478, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2480, value_2480, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2482, value_2482, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2484, value_2484, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2486, value_2486, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2488, value_2488, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2490, value_2490, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2492, value_2492, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2494, value_2494, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2496, value_2496, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2498, value_2498, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2500, value_2500, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2502, value_2502, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2504, value_2504, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2506, value_2506, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2508, value_2508, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2510, value_2510, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2512, value_2512, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2514, value_2514, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2516, value_2516, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2518, value_2518, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2520, value_2520, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2522, value_2522, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
key_2524, value_2524, server3
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 4  3

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 4 , 
key_2526, value_2526, server4
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 5  4

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 5 , 
key_2528, value_2528, server5
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 6  5

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 6 , 
key_2530, value_2530, server6
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 7  6

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 7 , 
key_2532, value_2532, server7
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 1  7

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 1 , 
key_2534, value_2534, server1
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 2  1

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 2 , 
key_2536, value_2536, server2
FULL MESSAGE RECEIVED FROM MANAGER: PUT_Success 3  2

OK, server: 
Storage ID received: 3 , 
